Low-income use case (#1872)
cal-itp/benefits: docs/enrollment-pathways/low-income.md

IdG-->>Login.gov: requests required PII
    activate Login.gov
    Note right of Login.gov: first name<br>last name<br>Social Security number<br>date of birth
Login.gov-->>IdG: returns required PII
    deactivate Login.gov
IdG-->>CDSS: check Calfresh enrollment status
    activate CDSS
CDSS-->>IdG: return Calfresh enrollment status
    deactivate CDSS
IdG-->>Benefits: eligibility response
    deactivate IdG
    deactivate Login.gov
Benefits-->>Littlepay: payment enrollment start
    activate Littlepay
Transit Rider->>Littlepay: provides debit or credit card details
Littlepay-->>Benefits: payment method enrollment confirmation
    deactivate Littlepay
    deactivate Benefits
```
1. The transit rider visits the web application at `benefits.calitp.org` in a browser on their desktop computer.

2. The transit rider chooses the transit operator that serves their area.

3. The transit rider chooses to verify their eligibility as a participant in the [CalFresh Program](https://www.cdss.ca.gov/food-nutrition/calfresh).

4. The transit rider authenticates with their existing [Login.gov](Login.gov) account or, if they don’t have one, creates a [Login.gov](Login.gov) account.

> 5. The Cal-ITP Benefits app interfaces with the [California Department of Transportation](https://dot.ca.gov/) Identity Gateway (IdG) to verify benefit eligibility. The IdG uses personal information shared by [Login.gov](Login.gov) to verify CalFresh participation status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. The Cal-ITP Benefits app interfaces with the [California Department of Technology](https://cdt.ca.gov/) [Identity Gateway (IdG)](https://digitalidstrategy.cdt.ca.gov/primary-elements.html) to verify benefit eligibility. The IdG uses personal information shared by [Login.gov](Login.gov) to verify Calfresh participation status.
```
